and in this corner this corner we have
the newly crowned champion the
newly-crowned knockout artist the mole
champion of the middleweight division
Chris Wyman and in this corner we have
the long time champ one of the greatest
UFC fighters to ever step in the Octagon
anderson the spider Silva that's why
folks we are talking about anderson
silva vs chris Wyman to that fight is
going to be taking place December the
28th folks December 228 and here is just
a little bit of my predictions now that
card will also have the Miesha Tate vs
ronda rousey i'm not going to watch that
at all and that comes on i'm going to
turn it off I still haven't warmed up to
the thought of women in the Octagon
fight call me chauvinistic whatever but
I just the thought of two women punching
each other in the face just doesn't I
don't know oh no I can't watch it but
the Anderson silver vs chris Lyman to
fight i think is going to be a good one
and i'm telling you right now you know
what maybe i shouldn't tell you fuck
because i've been i've been doing really
bad here he's you I've been spot-on with
my NFL predictions but everybody knows
that I'm not how long have I been
watching UFC I think the first UFC fight
I've ever seen was cool the first UFC
fighter ever seen was chuck liddell vs
rashad evans that was the first UFC
fight I've ever son and I wasn't really
really really into the sport until
Rashad Evans went on a roll and then
Machida came up and i really like
mashita a lot because of his fighting
style it's very
similar to mines it's very similar to
the background a half anyway and then I
saw like a mushy de and then showed none
came and I hate children hey I used to
hate shield on and then I started liking
Shogun and from there I started liking
the lighter guys started like in GSP
Rory MacDonald never like Josh Koscheck
I never liked Diaz there's a lot of
other BJ Penn it's a lot of guys in the
light of divisions that I like and now I
find myself going away from the heavier
divisions like the heavy weight and the
light heavyweight especially since jon
jones is no i don't like light
heavyweight division at all i considered
the light heavyweight division to be a
flashy type division and plus everybody
likes john jones and typically on
everybody likes something i tend to not
like it but anderson silva vs chris
women too i am going to go with Anderson
Silva to reclaim his championship i
watch that fight several times to me I
still think it was thrown I still think
the fight was thrown looking at his
demeanor looking at the weighted that he
is knowing that Dana Dana hadn't warned
him about clowning in the ring I really
think he don't he didn't care and I
don't know how much he cares about this
fight so I could be wrong but I you look
at him because the last time he felt
like that was against on Demian Maia and
on Dana threatened to fucking fire him
because of that I remember and he come
out and he do I was common in shit I
really think Anderson Silva had gotten
to a point where he just did not care
about that championship anymore so not
per se throne but just a lack of care I
just don't think he cared I think he
gave
damn now how much will he care now he's
doubt it he's been knocked out if that's
what you want to call it how much is
that going to drive him to train and to
come in the ring with a game plan to
pick this guy apart because he's still
talented has aged caught up to him just
a little bit yeah he's but he's still a
very talented fighter and he still I
mean you give him an opening and you're
as good as gone can Chris Wyman control
the Octagon can he take silver down beat
him up on the ground because that's what
this one is going to take I don't think
this one's gonna if Chris Wyman's gonna
win I don't think he's going to win on
the feet like he did the first time he's
going to have to take silver down and
beat him up on the ground can he do that
can he do what sundin what Sonnen did in
the first fight because he has bigger
hands than son can he do that if you
could do that he can win if you can't I
could see it being a long night for
Chris women and silver regaining the
title I just hope it doesn't end on a
bullshit that's all I'm saying I hope it
does not enter no bullshit where we're
all looking at the screen going how to
fuck that he went because that's what's
been happening lately and women that is
my thoughts on it our anderson silva vs
chris Wyman deuce and our ronda rousey
vs miesha tate even though i didn't
really cover that because i don't really
have anything to say I don't it's two
women fighting and i don't i don't care
for it this is my opinion you're like my
opinion just cut that part out skip past
the part 1 i'm talking about the girls
and go to them to the guys fight alright
peace